Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Previously on
Star Trek: Strange New Worlds...
Send someone else.
You don't want me
in command of that ship.
- You saw the future.
- I saw my own death.
APRIL:
Your first officer doesn't do
down time well. Chris.
- Captain.
- Samuel Kirk.
Well. you're posted
to life sciences. and
he's your new boss.
Captain Pike.
Lieutenant La'An Noonien-Singh.
Chief of Security.
PIKE:
Ah. the prodigy. Cadet Uhura?
- What's the mission?
- We explore.
We seek out new life
and new civilizations.
We boldly go where no one
has gone before.
[wind whistling]
[baby fussing in distance]
UHURA:
Cadet's log.
Stardate 2912.4.
The Enterprise is surveying
the Persephone system.
where the crew
is studying the behavior
of an ancient comet.
C/2260-Quentin.
I. however. am doing rotation
in landing party
readiness protocols.
which doesn't really
involve comets.
ancient or otherwise.
so duties are pretty slow
at the moment.
Except. of course. for a recent
invitation to dinner
at the captain's cabin.
for which I have been encouraged
by Lieutenant Ortegas
to dust off my dress uniform.
[sighs]
You said it was formal.
Actually. what I said was you...
might want to wear
your dress uniform.
Are you kidding? This is
your idea of a practical joke?
Kind of.
I'm going back to change.
You do not want to be late
to the captain's table.
[Uhura sighs]
Relax. Cadet. It's tradition.
- Hazing the newbie?
- All in good fun.
We get bored. It's a small ship.
You know. it's really not.
Come on.
Consider it your
first complete square
in Enterprise bingo.
You know about that?
I was a cadet once too. Cadet.
So. what are these things like?
Well. first off. they're
not just the command crew.
Captain wants. you know.
regular people.
to hear what's actually
happening on the ship.
so he'll probably
ask you questions.
Great.
That a problem?
How do I put this?
My father liked to say
that I was unburdened
by conversational boundaries.
So. this'll be fun
for you. then.
[door chimes]
[door whooshes open]
Lieutenant Ortegas.
Cadet Uhura. wel...
[laughs]
Dress uniform. huh?
Grab a drink.
I got to deal with the ribs.
UNA:
Ortegas.
come help refill drinks.
Cadet Uhura.
- good to see you.
- You. too.
[music playing quietly]
♪ Feel your eyes burn...♪
[sighs]
[overlapping chatter]
Oh. uh. can I help?
No.
You have offended Hemmer.
our new Chief Engineer.
No offense intended.
I was raised
to offer help to anyone
with a sensory impairment.
- If I was...
- That word again.
Sir?
"Impaired."
A human in my condition might
consider themselves impaired.
Hemmer may not be able to see.
but his other senses compensate.
HEMMER:
Compensate?
They are superior.
Uh. I've read that.
among many things.
the Aenar have a form
of precognitive ability.
I knew you were
going to ask that.
Because you sensed my question
before I asked it?
Because everyone
always asks that.
Right.
HEMMER:
You telegraphed your throw.
telepathically.
As was my intention.
to illustrate.
[chuckles]
This is a hazing thing.
isn't it?
You guys are screwing around.
[speaking Andorian]
[speaking Vulcan]
I think I need a drink.
I like her.
Indeed.
So. I have my phaser out.
and. sure enough.
down the street. there's
the Nausicaan we're after.
Running away. no pants on.
[quiet laughter]
I move after him. only I trip.
flat on my face. I shout.
"Freeze!" But the Nausicaan
keeps running.
[laughter]
I try to stand up. but my feet
are caught on something.
and then I realize...
- I've tripped on his pants.
- [laughter]
PIKE:
So. anyway.
after. my lieutenant
pulls me aside and says.
"Maybe Security isn't
the best fit for you. Ensign."
[loud laughter]
I've never understood
the human inclination
to laugh at others' misfortune.
It feels... impolite.
That's why it's funny.
Because it breaks
a social expectation?
PIKE:
Sometimes. Mr. Spock.
things go so badly
you just have to laugh.
[Uhura humming]
[pouring]
What's that you're humming.
Cadet?
Sorry. Bad habit.
Uh. it's an old folk song
from my village in Kenya.
I've visited Lake Simbi Nyaima
several times.
It is achingly beautiful there.
- I grew up just
a few miles away.
- Really?
You know. the Enterprise
only gets a handful
of cadets a year from Starfleet.
You got to be pretty impressive
to make the cut.
Thank you. sir.
I hear you speak 12 languages.
Uh. 37.
PIKE:
Okay. wow.
Uh. in Kenya we have
22 native languages.
I found early that.
if I wanted to be understood.
it's best to communicate
in someone's own tongue.
so I learned them.
Easy as that?
For me. sir. yes.
I noticed you're on the next
landing party rotation.
I know it can be confusing
jumping from department
to department.
- Right. Number One?
- That was one time.
[laughter]
I'm sure you've chosen
a specialty you'd like.
Where do you see
yourself in ten y...
Ten years.
where do you see yourself?
UHURA:
Are you asking me what I want
to be when I grow up. Captain?
Sure.
I...
...guess the truth is.
I'm not sure
I'm actually
all that "Starfleet."
That's not something
I've ever heard from a cadet.
You worked pretty hard
to get here.
You beat out. how many.
a thousand applicants?
Several thousand.
PIKE: And now you're not sure
if you want to be here?
I always wanted to study
alien languages.
I have an ear for them.
And a gift for understatement.
I was going to attend
the University in Nairobi.
Both my parents taught there.
Mm-hmm.
About a week before
I was due to start.
they were. uh...
killed in a shuttle accident.
My older brother. too.
I'm so sorry.
After. I just...
couldn't go to campus.
Their absence was...
everywhere.
I moved in with my grandmother.
but I just...
didn't feel like I fit
anywhere.
Anyway. she was in Starfleet
when she was young.
and she always
used to talk about it.
and. well. I didn't know
what else to do.
So you ran away to Starfleet?
Yes.
That is an impressive
and heartbreaking story. Cadet.
That's me.
Well. Cadet.
I appreciate your honesty.
and I sincerely hope
you discover a place
where you feel you do fit.
wherever that may be.
Guess I kind of blew it
in there. huh?
Not at all. Cadet.
The captain values honesty.
as do I.
But...?
But I would say to you
that Starfleet has been
a lifelong dream for many.
myself included.
If it is not your path.
you might consider making way
for someone else
who wants to walk it.
[sighs]
UNA:
I've seen you ask that cadet
question a hundred times.
Tonight it felt different.
Is it because
of what you told me.
about what you saw on Boreth?
Turns out. knowing your future
kind of takes the fun
out of imagining it.
Chris. have you
considered that maybe
your fate isn't written?
Dusty Swender.
T'quiel Dawn. Muliq Al Alcazar.
Yuuto Hoshide. Andrea Lopez.
I could keep going. These are
the kids I save when it happens.
You know their names.
Lately. I've been saying them
over and over again.
like a reminder.
Stay the course.
save their lives.
I refuse to believe
there isn't another way.
[comm chimes]
SPOCK [over comm]:
Captain Pike to the bridge.
There is a problem
with the comet.
SPOCK:
The computer simulation
suggests that.
when the comet strikes
the planet in two days.
there will be no survivors.
Persephone III
is an M-Class world.
Previous surveys suggests
it is home to an intelligent.
pre-warp species that
call themselves the Deleb.
Given their current state
of technological advancement.
it is highly unlikely
that they're aware
- of the danger they are in.
- PIKE: Options?
The Deleb can't move the comet.
- so we move it for them?
- Mr. Spock?
An ion engine.
To be precise. four.
programmed to fire in sequence
to account
for the comet's rotation.
Got it. Number One. thoughts?
It could work.
We could use photon torpedoes
as launch vehicles.
Take about an hour
for the retrofit.
A rosy assessment.
considering I'll be the one
doing the retrofitting.
Let's get it done. people.
We've got a planet to save
before breakfast.
I love this job.
Anyone want to tell me
how a comet
puts up a force field?
PIKE:
Space.
The final frontier.
These are the voyages
of the starship Enterprise.
Its five-year mission:
to explore strange new worlds...
...to seek out new life
and new civilizations.
to boldly go
where no one has gone before.
♪
We've tried every hail.
every scan you can think of.
If there's life on the comet.
we can't find it.
But we did find...
a structure.
It's enormous
and mostly subterranean.
A structure suggests
alien intelligence.
Which is why I've asked Sam Kirk
of Xenoanthropology here
to join us. So. let's start
with the obvious.
It looks like a comet.
has shields like a starship.
and a building on its surface
like a planet.
but no life signs.
Maybe it's not a comet at all.
but some kind of
derelict spacecraft?
Okay. so how do we
shut down its shields?
Logic suggests this structure is
likely where we'll have to go.
Except it's got shields.
The shields are not constant.
They only appear
in response to a threat.
It should be possible
to beam to the surface
without triggering them.
Sam. are you aware
of any civilization
that developed
on the surface of a comet?
First I've heard of one.
I'm starting
to like the mustache.
Maybe you should
try one for yourself.
La'An. you. Spock.
and Sam get suited up. and
this is the cadet's
first away mission.
You wanted to learn
to speak alien languages...
go where the aliens are.
The surface of the comet
is bombarded
by ridiculously high levels
of cosmic rays.
This will buy you two hours.
Any more and your insides
will turn to liquid.
Ow!
Ugh. you could've warned me.
Then you'd know
it was gonna hurt.
You know I've had people
run on me?
Weapon up. people.
Kirk. Uhura.
when you're recovered. with me.
You ready for this?
I am more than capable
of managing
any pain you can induce.
[chuckling] Mr. Spock.
Now you're just toying with me.
That was not my intention.
- I've noticed.
- Heads up.
Thank you. Lieutenant.
LA'AN:
Remember. when we arrive.
gravity is a fraction
of Earth normal.
Don't want anyone
flying off into space.
Energize. Mr. Kyle.
- [sighs]
- You good?
Yeah.
I'm... standing
on the surface of a comet.
[exhales]
♪
Curious.
According to my readings.
there is breathable atmosphere
inside the chamber.
We should make sure it's secure.
Lieutenant Spock.
you scan the room.
I'll do a perimeter sweep.
SAM:
These markings.
What do you think.
decorative or linguistic?
You're asking me?
Don't study linguistics
if you don't want people
to ask you questions about it.
Okay.
Fine.
It's just. uh...
You're a cadet. it's your
first away mission. I get it.
But you're here for a reason.
UHURA:
These markings.
they repeat in a sequence.
A sequence. huh? Maybe a code?
I don't know.
Just...
Everything seems
to point to this egg.
It's important. just...
I don't know how.
Do you think these markings
indicate some kind of control?
If they do.
then perhaps this is how we can
affect the comet's shields.
LA'AN:
Perimeter's clear.
No one here but us.
Uh. Lieutenant.
I don't think that's a...
[chuckles]
...a good idea.
Yahtzee.
Huh?
It's an old Earth game.
I am familiar
with Yahtzee. Lieutenant.
but I am reading a dangerous
buildup of energy.
Please step away from the egg.
Turn him over.
Get his helmet off.
His heart has stopped.
We need to get him to the ship.
LA'AN [cutting in and out]:
Ent... prise.
We ne... ergency beam out.
La'An. your signal's spotty.
We can't quite hear you.
Lieutenant Kirk has been
injured. Beam us out.
Having trouble getting a lock.
Clear.
Energizing.
Captain. the force field.
It's back up.
[grunts] Signal's being blocked.
I can't get them back.
Clear.
He's stable. for now.
All frequencies are down.
We're cut off from the ship.
We're on our own.
He sustained massive trauma
from electrical shock.
I've sedated him.
Uh. maybe we don't touch
anything else.
Just a suggestion.
He will not survive without
prompt medical attention.
[tricorder beeping]
Seems that force field is back.
It appears the comet wishes
to keep us here.
What kind of comet
knows someone's walking on it?
A salient question. Cadet.
One that I am afraid
you may have to answer
in order for us to escape.
Sir. I'm reminding you
this is my first away mission.
SPOCK:
That may be.
but the key to our escape
may well be in these markings
all around us.
and you are the only
linguistics expert here.
♪
Right now. I need ideas.
We've got a planet
full of people
who will die without our help.
and our crew members
are trapped on that comet.
We need to get through
that force field. How?
Phaser harmonics?
A phaser at a higher frequency
could cause resonance.
The right frequency
could shatter it.
I like this plan. This is a good
plan. Ortegas. bring us around.
How are we doing. Cadet?
At the moment.
pretending not to be in
way over my head.
Too honest?
I am a Vulcan.
We are "too honest" by nature.
Your girlfriend
must love that. huh?
Nurse Chapel.
Nurse Chapel
is not my girlfriend.
I know.
but she was flirting with you.
It was a joke. You know. to...
break the tension.
Do you not think this is
an inappropriate time for jokes?
It's like the captain said.
"Sometimes things go so badly
you just have to laugh."
I find the best way
to diffuse tension
is to apply rigorous logic.
Okay.
That's always an option. too.
Phasers locked
and ready. Captain.
On your command. Number One.
[explosion]
- Incoming weapons fire.
- Damage report?
Minimal damage to port nacelle.
Shields holding at 70%.
Who hit us?
Uh. they did.
Hail them. On screen.
PIKE:
This is Captain Christopher Pike
of the Federation
starship Enterprise.
Who are you and why are you
attacking our vessel?
We are the Shepherds.
Really?
That's how
the universal translator
is processing it.
We escort M'hanit.
The comet?
M'hanit is far more
than a comet.
M'hanit is one of
the ancient arbiters of life.
Okay.
If you tamper with it again.
we will not hesitate
to destroy you.
Scan the ship.
What kind of weapons
are we dealing with?
Our intentions were not hostile.
M'hanitis on a collision
course with an inhabited planet.
We were simply trying
to divert its trajectory.
Absurd.
Would you adjust
the height of the waves
or the position of the stars?
M'hanit's course is preordained.
There are millions of people
on that planet.
The impact will kill them all
and likely blow your comet...
Uh...
Blow your M'hanit
into just as many pieces.
SHEPHERD CAPTAIN:
Are you a reasonable man.
Captain?
I-I'd like to think so. yes.
Then please entertain
the proposition
that M'hanit is not.
as you continue to call him.
a comet.
It is an instrument.
an ancient arbiter.
one of the few remaining
in the galaxy.
If it is his will to move.
he will move.
If it is his will to bring life.
he will bring life.
If M'hanit wills
the planet to die.
even chooses to die with it.
then that is what will happen.
As I said. it is preordained.
Blowing up a planet full
of people is not preordained...
You said you were
a reasonable man. Captain.
So how can you know?
Since before
our distant ancestors touched
the sky and the stars beyond.
my people have been charged
with the protection
of the arbiters.
None of us even remember when
the charge first came to us.
but we accepted the mantle
with honor.
For centuries.
we have protected the arbiters
as they follow courses
set long before our suns
first burned in the sky.
bringing life across the galaxy.
It is not our prerogative
to interfere. Captain.
nor is it yours.
PIKE:
Please. excuse me.
Pause communications.
Shepherds?
Zealots is more like it.
What did you find?
UNA:
Their systems are
incredibly advanced.
their ships faster than ours.
and their weapon systems...
Let's just say we don't
want to piss them off.
How exactly are we
supposed to move the comet
without doing that?
We have to buy time
for the landing party
to get the force field down.
And hope these Shepherds
don't find out
that they're down there.
I'm guessing they'd be
kind of touchy about that.
Ensign. resume communications.
You have your sacred duty.
We have ours.
The Federation doesn't interfere
in the development of species.
but we also don't just
let them die.
We don't mean
to disrespect M'hanit.
We'd do the same for you
if you were in danger.
You say you don't interfere.
that you mean no disrespect.
but your crew has desecrated
the temple on his surface.
Guess they know
about the landing party.
- We were simply
trying to ascer...
- Their presence
is blasphemy.
M'hanit will be their tomb.
Any further action
to rescue them
will be considered
an act of war.
Find a way to get through
to the landing party right now.
Break the laws of physics
if you have to.
How is he?
Stable. and holding.
What about you. Cadet?
You gonna get us out of here.
or get us killed?
Right now. I'd say
it's pretty much a toss-up.
[Uhura humming]
Your humming suggests you
may be experiencing distress.
May I remind you
that circumstances
are less dire than they were.
Mr. Kirk identified
one error you can avoid.
By eliminating that option.
he has improved your odds.
Was that actually
your version of a pep talk?
Yes. I've been working on them.
How was it. would you say?
Maybe don't take your foot
off the gas on that one.
Well. you are achieving
your stated objective
of studying alien languages.
Like you said. I'm not even
supposed to be here.
That's not precisely...
You all should be relying
on someone who's prepared.
Someone actually Starfleet.
not someone who's gonna
get us all fried to a crisp.
As this is your
first away mission.
may I assume it is also
the first time
your life has been in danger?
Yes.
Kind of.
No. just yes.
Confrontations
with our mortality
often cause us to see ourselves
as if from the outside.
Such a perspective can be
a unique opportunity.
You did not intend
on being here.
but you are here.
Hypotheticals are irrelevant.
Today. you are. quite simply.
the only person for the job.
Will you rise to see it through?
That one was better.
Your pep talk. I mean.
[sighs]
[humming]
[faint echoing resonance]
[continues humming]
Cadet.
The cave seems to be reacting
to your voice.
[humming]
[faint resonance increases]
Music.
It responds to music.
Anything?
Nothing from the landing party.
but I found a possible signal
coming from the comet itself.
What kind of signal?
[melodic tune
playing over speakers]
Computer. identify this song.
COMPUTER:
"Vamuvamba." a traditional song
from Earth.
originating in Kenya.
That cannot be a coincidence.
- [Uhura vocalizing]
- [cave resonating to match]
Different pitches
elicit different responses.
What's the light show?
Is it good?
The comet's systems seem
to be controlled by music.
Lieutenant Kirk thought
these symbols were a code.
Music is just sound waves.
which can be represented
by numbers.
What if the code is harmonics?
Someone help me out here.
I skipped music class.
Harmonics are just the ratios
between frequencies.
Every note vibrates
at a specific frequency.
Double that frequency.
and you get the same pitch
an octave higher.
That's the two in our code.
Triple the frequency.
and you get a perfect fifth.
Five times the frequency
is a major third.
The code is a major chord.
Why would an alien species
write music the way we do?
Musical notes are
easily derived from math.
Vulcans theorize it is
their fundamental nature
which makes them
pleasing to the ear.
Someone match my pitch.
[humming]
Oh... no help here.
I'll break the thing.
[Uhura humming]
[Spock humming same note. lower]
[Uhura hums two notes]
[hums three ascending notes]
Okay. try and follow my lead.
[vocalizing]
[vocalizing together]
- [holding note]
- [vocalizing]
- [cave resonates tone sequence]
- [rumbling]
We're definitely getting closer
to resolving the whole genius
or "about to get us
killed" conundrum.
So the right time for genius.
[eerie. dissonant music
resonating]
[music stops]
If we are correct
and the comet communicates
through music.
it would be logical to assume
that it is speaking to us
right now.
Okay.
So. how do we convince it
to lower the force field?
[eerie melody resonating]
Hold on. Let me try something.
[vocalizing eerie melody]
[rumbling]
The comet's force field
just disappeared.
Bridge to Transporter Room.
energize.
We've got them.
Shields up. Red alert.
[alarm blaring]
CHRISTINA:
Captain.
Shepherds are hailing us.
Open a channel. On screen.
You continue to interfere.
Well. technically...
- You were warned.
- PIKE: Look.
let's talk about this.
Find some common ground.
I think that went well.
[rumbling]
They're launching torpedoes.
Captain.
- I'm reading three inbound.
- We definitely pissed them off.
Brace for impact.
[alarm blaring]
Shields at 50%.
- Ortegas. evasive maneuvers.
- On it.
- They are pursuing.
- Return fire?
Negative.
Escape pattern April-Omega 3.
Captain. recommend we withdraw.
- We're already on the run.
- LA'AN: We need
to warp out and regroup.
Facing off with them is suicide.
- We're outgunned here.
- UNA: She's right.
Their ship is too advanced
for us to take on.
- [torpedo strikes]
- Shields at 40%.
- SPOCK: Sir.
when we were on the surface.
I believe the comet
- was trying
to communicate with us.
- PIKE: Right.
The music you recorded. Any idea
what it was trying to say?
I haven't been able to translate
it yet. It might take days.
We have less than one hour
before the comet
will impact Persephone III.
You do a lot of reminding people
of deadlines. sir.
- She does have a point. Spock.
- [torpedo strikes]
Captain. unless we want them
to blow us out of the sky...
Give me phasers.
Target their weapons
and propulsion systems.
We don't want to hurt them.
- [torpedo strikes]
- Wish they felt the same.
- Shields at 25%. Phasers locked.
- PIKE: Ortegas.
bring us around
to bearing 150 mark nine.
Aye. sir.
And...
fire.
Direct hit.
They're pulling away to regroup.
I'd say we have
less than a minute.
We have to save that planet.
We brought down the force field.
so how do we move the comet?
Let's face it.
the crazy space monks
will blow us out of the sky
if we try anything
to move that comet.
What if we didn't?
What if the comet moved itself?
PIKE:
Everyone ready?
We only get one shot at this.
Maximum impulse.
They're gaining on us.
When they get close enough.
they'll take a kill shot.
Ortegas.
you know how you used to brag
you were going to be
the best pilot ever to graduate
the Academy?
Word gets around.
What's your point. sir?
Time to prove it. Lieutenant.
Get us in front of that comet.
Initiating evasive pattern
Ortegas-gamma-one.
Evasive pattern Ortegas...?
♪
Shepherds are in pursuit.
They've stopped firing.
They don't want to hit
the comet.
I think they're hailing us.
Yeah. they are. Captain?
Not yet.
♪
Ortegas. time to come about.
Rerouting
to bearing 180 mark five.
Reverse thrusters. full stop.
Reversing thrusters. And...
Stopped.
Ops. shut down all systems
except for life support.
All right. Ensign Christina.
I'm ready for the Shepherds now.
On screen. please.
We surrender.
The damage we've sustained
has caused
complete systems failure.
And what if we choose
not to accept your surrender?
Well. if you don't help us.
we'll collide with the comet.
which will destroy our ship.
And the trilithium resin
in our warp core will ignite.
destroying the comet.
Which will also happen
if you try to blow us up.
Please. help us.
I give you my word.
we will not touch M'hanit again.
UNA:
You're taking a big gamble.
I recognize that. Number One.
The Shepherd ship
is activating a tractor beam.
Mr. Spock? You're up.
Acknowledged. Captain.
♪
Approaching the nucleus
of the comet.
And diverting power
through the shuttle's shields.
Shields radiating heat
at maximum intensity.
The surface
appears to be responding.
Maintaining position.
Preparing to engage
heat shields.
♪
[alarm blaring]
UNA:
It's moving.
The sublimation
is nudging the comet off course.
And for the record.
we're not actually touching it.
UHURA:
But where's Lieutenant Spock?
[static crackles]
[Spock laughs]
Spock? Is everything okay?
SPOCK:
Fine. Captain. Sometimes things
go so badly.
you just have to laugh.
[chuckles]
[Pike chuckles]
♪
Fascinating.
A large quantity of water vapor
from the comet
is entering
the planet's atmosphere.
SPOCK:
If I am not mistaken.
this will permanently change
the atmospheric composition
- of Persephone III.
- PIKE: Change it how?
Reducing the planet's aridity
will make it more amenable
to plant growth. agriculture
and. one might surmise.
societal development.
So...
did it actually "bring life"?
Don't tell me the space monks
were actually right.
Captain.
Shepherds are hailing us.
Open a channel.
On screen. please. Ensign.
You have seen the glory
and the mercy
that is M'hanit.
You're right.
We witnessed a miracle.
Perhaps in the future.
you will not be so quick
to judge the faith of others.
And so
- we shall not part as enemies.
- PIKE: Thank you.
♪
[laughing]
PIKE:
Captain's log. supplemental.
I am left to wonder
who made the comet?
How many more like it
are out there?
Was it coincidence
that fostered the chance
for more life on Persephone III?
Or something more?
Look. we already knew
how to turn musical notes
- into numbers. right?
- [door whooshes shut]
But the computer
helped me turn those numbers
into numerical coordinates.
You're saying the numbers
painted a picture?
UHURA:
Yes. But not just any picture.
The music contained this image.
This is a star chart
showing the comet's course.
a course that includes
it moving past Persephone III.
You are suggesting
the comet was telling us
- it did not intend
to hit Persephone III?
- Yes.
It meant no harm.
That was the message.
But if I had not interfered.
it would have destroyed
the planet.
Okay.
here's where things get weirder.
When we zoom in on the image.
we find this shape.
And this is an image
of the chunk of ice
that broke off from the comet
as Lieutenant Spock
flew his mission.
- They're identical.
- UNA: You're saying
the comet sent this message
before Spock was able to correct
the comet's course?
We recorded it hours earlier.
SPOCK:
It is highly improbable
the comet could have
randomly guessed
the shape
the ice that fell off would take
with such accuracy.
Unless your flight was foretold.
You're suggesting
the comet had foreknowledge
of future events?
The comet's flight path
and its. I don't know. mission
to seed that planet
was predicated
on you flying that shuttle
to move it.
It knew its fate. you might say.
Thank you for your report.
Cadet.
Cadet Uhura.
As I said. many dream
of being worthy of Starfleet.
of representing its values
of selflessness.
courage. sacrifice.
- I know it shouldn't
have been me down there...
- I have not finished. Cadet.
The odds of us surviving were.
in fact. quite low.
No pep talk
could have increased them.
I understand
you did not come to Starfleet
the way many of us have.
That you are not sure
you wish to stay.
But. having observed
your actions on the comet.
I am certain.
should you choose to.
Starfleet would be fortunate
to have an officer like you.
Thank you. sir.
[exhales]
A little piece of ice and dust
roaming through space
brings life.
I bet you not one of us
could have predicted how.
[Pike grunts softly]
I'll give you that.
So. just because you receive
a message from the future
doesn't mean you understand it.
We're not talking
about the comet anymore. are we?
Don't throw your life away.
Chris.
- Number One...
- I know you had
- a vision of the future. but...
- I made a choice.
I accepted my fate. It...
It goes beyond my own life.
What if you're wrong?
What if you got that message
so you could save those kids
and that's it?
What if you don't have
to ruin your life. too?
How do you know you can't make
a different choice?
One that saves all of you?
What if your fate
is what you make it?
Computer.
call up
all available information
for the following
Federation citizens.
Dusty Swender.
T'quiel Dawn.
Muliq Al Alcazar.
Yuuto Hoshide.
Andrea Lopez.
♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org